implementing #10334 (#10522)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-errors-during-pin-creation.md

| Hex         | Cause   |
|-------------|---------|
| 0x80070057  | Invalid parameter or argument is passed. |
| 0X80072F0C  | Unknown |

> | 0x80072F8F  | A mismatch happens between the system's clock and the activation servers' clock when trying to activate windows                                          | 0x80090010  | NTE_PERM |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0x80072F8F  | A mismatch happens between the system's clock and the activation server's clock when attempting to activate Windows.                                          | 0x80090010  | NTE_PERM |
```
